# Nicovideo Ranking Archives

This repository stores the historical ranking data of NicoNicoDouga from when ranking data began to be provided to now.

***Attention***
- Data in this repository are not guaranteed to be complete.
- The administrator does not take any responsibility for using the data in this repository.
- Do not contact the Nicovideo regarding the contacts of this repository.

## Directory structure
```
.
├─ legacy
│　 ├ total
│　 │ └ {l_type}
│　 │ 　 └ {l_category}.json
│　 └ daily
│　 　 └ {l_category}
│　 　 　 └ {l_type}
│　 　 　 　 └ {year}
│　 　 　 　 　 └ {month}
│　 　 　 　 　 　 └ {date}.json
└─ ranking
　　 └ None
``` 

### Variables
- `l_type`

   `fav`, `view`, `comment`, or `mylist` which means the aggregation method of legacy(old) ranking
- `l_category`

   Categories in NicoNicoDouga on legacy(old) ranking
   ```python
   categorys = [
     "all",
     "g_ent2", "ent", "music", "sing", "play", "dance", "vocaloid", "nicoindies", "asmr", "mmd", "virtual",
     "g_life2", "animal", "cooking", "nature", "travel", "sport", "lecture", "drive", "history", "train",
     "g_tech", "science", "tech", "handcraft", "make",
     "g_politics",
     "g_culture2", "anime", "game", "jikkyo", "toho", "imas", "radio", "draw", "trpg",
     "g_other", "are", "diary", "other",
     "g_r18",
     "que", "chat", "test", "owner", "commons", "hitokoto", "fashion", "g_ent", "g_life", "g_try", "g_culture", "g_popular"
   ]
   ```
- `year`, `month` and `date`

   The date the ranking was compoled

### Information
The data in the `legacy` folder is from April 3, 2007 to June 29, 2019 and was generated by the old ranking system. However, the aggregation method `fav` started from October 29, 2009, and the start date and end date may differ depending on the category. Also, the total data was aggregated on June 29, 2019.
The data in the `ranking` folder is based on the current new ranking system, which started on June 11, 2019.

## License
The data in this repository is available under the following proprietary licenses.
1. Available for research and investigative purposes only.
2. No commercial or malicious use.
3. Secondary distribution of the data itself is not allowed.
4. Any event caused by this data is self-responsibility.

